1374843416
AddColumnLocationToBiography	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726104821_add_column_location_to_biography.rb	class AddColumnLocationToBiography 
AddCoordsToLocation	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726103519_add_coords_to_location.rb	class AddCoordsToLocation 
Application	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BiographiesController	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	class BiographiesController 
BiographiesControllerTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/controllers/biographies_controller_test.rb	class BiographiesControllerTest 
BiographiesHelper	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/helpers/biographies_helper.rb	module BiographiesHelper
BiographiesHelperTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/helpers/biographies_helper_test.rb	class BiographiesHelperTest 
Biography	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/models/biography.rb	class Biography 
BiographyTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/models/biography_test.rb	class BiographyTest 
CreateBiographies	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726102659_create_biographies.rb	class CreateBiographies 
CreateLocations	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726101801_create_locations.rb	class CreateLocations 
Location	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/models/location.rb	class Location 
LocationTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/models/location_test.rb	class LocationTest 
LocationsController	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	class LocationsController 
LocationsControllerTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/controllers/locations_controller_test.rb	class LocationsControllerTest 
LocationsHelper	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/helpers/locations_helper.rb	module LocationsHelper
LocationsHelperTest	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/helpers/locations_helper_test.rb	class LocationsHelperTest 
RenameColumnAdresse	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726125613_rename_column_adresse.rb	class RenameColumnAdresse 
RenameColumnVerlegedatum	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726112117_rename_column_verlegedatum.rb	class RenameColumnVerlegedatum 
Stolpersteine	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/config/application.rb	module Stolpersteine
TestCase	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
as_json	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/models/location.rb	  def as_json(option = nil)
as_json	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/models/biography.rb	  def as_json(options = nil)
biography_params	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	    def biography_params
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726104821_add_column_location_to_biography.rb	  def change
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726112117_rename_column_verlegedatum.rb	  def change
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726102659_create_biographies.rb	  def change
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726101801_create_locations.rb	  def change
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726103519_add_coords_to_location.rb	  def change
change	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/db/migrate/20130726125613_rename_column_adresse.rb	  def change
create	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def index
location_params	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	    def location_params
new	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def new
set_biography	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	    def set_biography
set_location	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	    def set_location
show	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/biographies_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/yuriy/spacialdb/stolpersteine-rails-server/app/controllers/locations_controller.rb	  def update
